Bionic Arm:

Losing an arm greatly affects a man's effectiveness in almost every situation, and it is not entirely uncommon for a valued labourer to be fitted with a bionic replacement at the expense of his betters so as to continue his utility. A bionic arm can replace part or all of the human limb, up to and including a sturdy bracket implanted at the shoulder to serve as a firm anchor point. Most bionic arms are controlled by a synth-nerve bundle which can sometimes be seen as a slightly raised line under the bearer's skin. A whole arm replacement is typically wired directly to the bearer's brain, while a bionic hand is usually connected to existing synaptic fibres in the arm. The bionic's Craftsmanship has further effects on the bionic's utility and functions. If the character only requires a replacement hand rather than the entire arm, the base cost of the arm decreases by half, though it no longer grants the increased Toughness Bonus to resist Damage like the full bionic limb would.

Poor: While rudimentary in function, a cheap bionic arm is still vastly preferable to a clumsy wire-controlled pincer or having no arm at all. These limbs are typically more bulky than the flesh they replaced and have a more limited range of motion than others, including fingers that can only be moved small increments independently - the bearer can grasp and grip without difficulty, but fine dextrous tasks are notably more difficult, and the sense of touch is perceptibly imprecise. This type of augmetic is most commonly seen among maimed citizens who have received a replacement from their guild or commercia house - those who have enough gelt to their name would typically pay for a more advanced bionic. Poor bionic arms halve the bearer's Agility when used to make Tests requiring fine manipulation, such as positioning thin wires into a conduit, and impose a -5 penalty to Weapon and Ballistic Skill Tests made using that arm. This penalty may not apply in certain situations, such as using the off hand to steady a basic ranged weapon.

Common: An average bionic arm can fully replicate all the functions of the flesh it replaces, including a proper motion and manipulation of the fingers. The limb gently whirrs and hums as it moves, but is otherwise fully responsive and can duplicate a sense of touch with a good degree of accuracy. Bearers who are well acquainted with their arm's functions can also
manually disable some of its senses, including pain receptors, which can be useful should the bearer have to reach into a caustic acid to retrieve a lost object or disable a hot valve panel that would ordinarily cause painful burns.

Good: Well built and showing its superb level of workmanship, these high-grade arms are actually more nimble and flexible than what the Emperor blessed them with at birth. Unless otherwise desired by the bearer, a Good Craftsmanship bionic arm is precisely the same size and dimensions as the arm it replaced, and can be easily concealed under a long sleeve and glove. Many who have the wealth to afford such a fine augmetic choose to do quite the opposite, however, bearing the limb proudly to show off a glossy or engraved finish that can be further accentuated with inlaid gemstones, rare metals, or even lumen-fibres that glow as the limb's motors and servos move. Even with a whimsical or effete appearance, however, a high quality arm is also notably stronger than the bearer's muscles and bone would have been. Good bionic arms grant the bearer a +10 bonus on Agility-based Tests where fine manipulation is concerned as well as a +10 bonus on Strength Tests to lift and pull with that arm. This bonus may apply in other situations per the GM's discretion.
