Bionic Respiratory System:

Having a healthy windpipe and lungs is almost as essential to human biology as a heart and arteries, but a bewildering array of factors can weak or cripple a man's breathing power. Toxic gases, exposure to superheated air, moulds and diseases, and even chronic lho-stick smoking can all leave a man wheezing and out of breath from even minor exertion, never mind a puncture wound from a bullet or blade. A bionic respiratory system uses cyclonic pumps to inflate and deflate artificial membranes that replace the bearer's lungs. Tiny scrubber fibres introduce oxygen into the bloodstream, providing the necessary respiration for muscles and organs - they also have the added effect of acting as an efficient toxin filter, which increases the appeal of replacing healthy organs for those who often work amid noxious environs. A bionic respiratory system provides a +20 bonus on Toughness Tests made to withstand inhaled toxins and poison gases. The Craftsmanship of the augmetic has other effects on its utility and functions.

Poor: These augmetics are perfectly functional and provide their bearer with full, life-sustaining breaths, but the cheap cyclonic pumps make a clearly audible wheezing noise as the bearer respires. The implanting procedures are also more haphazard in nature, which often leaves very visual scarring on the bearer's torso where his failing organs were removed. Cheap bionic respiratory systems impose a -20 penalty on all Silent Move Tests, even if the character attempts to hold his breath.

Common: Perfectly replicating the bearer's original flesh, an average bionic respiratory system is designed to have minimal effect on the bearer's daily habits and proclivities. If implanted carefully, the procedure leaves minimal disruption to the bearer's torso, with only a telltale clicking noise being heard at close distances as the valve caps cycle within their chest. While not an intended effect, lho-stick smokers often quit the habit as the action invariably ends up feeling less satisfying. Common bionic respiratory systems impose a -5 penalty on Silent Move Tests, even if the character attempts to hold his breath.

Good: An unquestionably superior bionic respiratory system is created by omitting the
cyclonic pumps entirely in favour of custom biogill filters that are attuned to the bearer's own bodily rhythms and humours. These lungs are both silent and far more efficient than lesser augmetics due to their folded and structured membranes hosting many times the amount of scrubber fibres. Their ancillary effects on the bearer's biology tend to appeal more to those who have the Thrones to burn on enhancing their bodies than cripples and men who spend long days pooling caustic substances, however, by and large making them "augmetics of choice" more than anything else. Good Craftsmanship bionic lungs increase the bonus on Toughness Tests to resist toxins to
+30, and further allow the character to hold his breath for four times as long as normal (see Suffocation on page 210 of Dark Heresy for more information).