Bionic Locomotion
Without the use of one or both legs, a citizen is very literally half the man he was before. This eminently crippling condition can lay low men of any stature or office, which is why virtually anyone with the means to do so acquires a bionic replacement to get them back up to size. Bionic locomotion can replace a significant amount of damaged or missing anatomy anywhere from a lost foot up to entire legs and the pelvic region. Because they tend to be simpler and require less sophisticated synth-nerve bundling, the greater mass and utility of bionic legs is typically less costly and more available than other types of prosthetic bionics. Within the Imperial Guard this type of bionic is a notably common sight - veteran troopers who've lost a leg or two due to enemy mines or vehicular accidents are considered to be easily worth the price of the augmetic. Some legions and regiments will award cheaper bionics to low-ranked volunteers or even conscripts as well, typically as part of a demobilisation, though how many crippled Guardsmen are so gifted can depend widely on the nature of their conflict. Compared to a bionic arm, bionic feet, legs, or hips are typically wired directly into the base of the bearer's spinal column, so aside from the limbs themselves there is usually little sign of further tampering with their biology. The bionic's Craftsmanship has further effects on the bionic's functions. This augmetic presumes that the character needs two new legs and possibly some reconstructive work done to the hips and pelvis. If only one leg is being replaced the base cost is decreased by half. The cost is decreased by half again if the character is just in need of an augmetic foot, though in this case it no longer grants the increased Toughness Bonus to resist Damage like the full bionic limb would.

Poor: Inexpensive and quickly produced, this sort of bionic is meant to be better than a pair of crutches and little more, though it succeeds there admirably. Cheap locomotive bionics will have a reduced range of motion and flexibility compared to healthy muscle and bone, usually lacking individual toes in favour of a simpler mitten-like sole and heel. They also tend to have a disquieting appearance, possibly with overbuilt joints or exposed gas-tube absorbers instead of a solid chassis that would more closely mimic the human leg's shape. Of course, even with all these shortcomings, a cheap bionic is almost invariably a better option than hobbling around with a cane or crutch. Poor Craftsmanship bionic locomotion hinders the bearer's movements in some fashion: depending on the particular method of construction, the augmetics are either less than perfectly stable or oversized and clunky. At the bearer's discretion, he either halves his Movement Rates (round up) or suffers a -20 penalty to Dodge Tests. The penalty must be chosen at the time the augmetic is attached. Regardless of which penalty the bearer suffers, he must also succeed on an Ordinary (+10) Agility Test to avoid stumbling and falling over at the end of any Run movement.

Common: Average augmetics closely duplicate the functions and abilities of the limbs they replaced. Once the bearer has gotten used to the sturdier construction and wholly different feel of striding on metal instead of flesh they can largely continue on with no impediment. Unless otherwise dictated during the crafting and forging process, components of Common bionic locomotion mimic the shape and general utility of human limbs, including all the normal joints and appendages. If covered with clothes and properly-sized footwear the bionic could not only pass for flesh and bone but sounds no differently as well. If the character is replacing both legs, they may also choose to voluntarily increase or decrease their height by up to 10 centimetres to reflect limbs that are deliberately slightly taller or shorter than the bearer's original flesh.

Good: This type of augmetic is made almost exclusively to commission for those who desire better limbs than the God-Emperor gave them. By flatly discarding the typical shape of the human leg in favour of a much more energyefficient profile, the bearer can move with unnatural grace and speed over uneven terrain. The legs themselves look unsettling in motion, however, typically being articulated backwards and able to extend or contract a significant distance to cover much wider strides. They are also tipped with claw-like digits that are evenly spaced, making the bearer very stable as he runs, though they preclude wearing most types of common footwear. The augmented owner of these fine legs will typically opt for a wardrobe that focuses more heavily on robes and cloaks as they can reasonably hide his strange mechanical anatomy, at least at low speeds. Good Craftsmanship bionic legs must be installed as a pair - walking normally on just one would be impossible. A character fitted with this type of augmetic gains the Unnatural Speed trait and takes only half the usual penalties associated with moving through Difficult Terrain. At the commissioner's discretion they can also have the buffer pads removed from the digits and outfit them with wickedly sharp flensing claws. The character can make attacks with his feet as though he was wielding two Best Craftsmanship mono-edged combat knives, but the eerie tinkering noise of the points on any kind of solid surface imposes a -20 penalty on Silent Move Tests. For an extra 500 thrones the character can integrate a power blade into each foot instead, though the weapons must be obtained separately and impose penalties and benefits per their Craftsmanship as usual.