Cortex Implants:

Magos Biologis who often work around the brain and carefully study its functions have come close to perfecting the art of enhancing and replacing cortical functions with the compact logis stacks and memory coils. Cortex implants are most frequently used in the control systems for servitors and other types of bonded labour, but more advanced and sophisticated variants can be used to restore most functions of a badly damaged mind. Being exposed to hard void, tissue-destroying vapours and gases, or suffering a catastrophic head injury can reduce a man to an unresponsive plant from which no amount of therapeutic treatment and surgery can redeem. Timely insertion of a cortex implant can rewire the damaged areas of the brain with only a minor loss of cogitation power - a vast improvement to drooling blankly in a hospice! However, a select few magi blessed with a comprehension of the mind and techno-artifice that would baffle most of their peers can go even beyond those limitations to make implants that are arguably better than the grey matter they replace in every way. The use of cortex implants causes the character to gain 1d10 Insanity Point to reflect more "mechanical thinking" as well as occasional glitches and processing errors that can fool the character's consciousness into misperceiving their own thought processes. Other functions depend on the design and intention of the implants, which roughly follow the rules for Item Craftmanship

Poor: Simple, low-density implants control the various biological and neural processes of teh bearer's body, but they are insufficient for higher thinking and any sort of independent decision-making that does not rely on pre-written control routines and codes. This type of implant is often used to create servitors from existing (rather than vat-grown) bodies, and a more sophisticated style is also employed by the ecclesiarchy's terrible arco-flagellants. The use of this type of implant more or less "erases" the character's personality, memories, and other functions. Unless some extenuating circumstances exist, a player character who finds these installed in his head should be removed from play. 

Common: Most cortex implants aren't quite as good as the tissues they are carefully planted next to, but a character who receives them as part of a treatment for a mind-affecting injury likely won't mind too teribly much. Aside from aiding in important mental functions, cortex implants can also be used to suppress or cordon off portions of the bearers brain that have borne witness to things too horrible to comprehend. A character who receives this type of implant loses 1d5 points from their Weapon Skill, Ballistic Skill, Agility, Intelligence, and Fellowship. The implants can also replicate the effects of the Mind Cleansed Origin as they prevent access to damaging memories or experiences. The GM should feel free to subtract some of the character's accumulated Insanity and Corruption Points as well as creating more relevant and appropriate Shards of Memory for the character to experience. 

Best: Only a few magi can create these stunningly powerful implants which transcend mere augmetic functions - and they usually install them in their own heads. Instead of repairing, or indeed, augmenting, the bearer's fleshy brain, they completely replace it with an incredible mass of techno-artiface that replaces nerves and synapses with gold relays and crackling data-coils. This type of augmetic is almost never encountered outside of the Adeptus Mechanicus, but rare exceptions do exist. Of course, the bearer might begin acting uncomfortably like a tech-priest if they weren't already one to begin with... This implant can only be attached and used if the character already has or will be receiving the cranial reinforcement, bionic respiration, and gastral bionics augmentics. Additionally, the character loses any senses except for touch that he does not have a cybernetic sense augmetic for. The implant grants the bearer the Unnatural Intelligence x2 trait as well as the Rite of Pure Thought talent if he did not possess it already. His mind can functionally duplicate the effects of an emplaced cogitator, including the ability to connect to other systems through external ports and sockets, and because the entire head is now composed of only mechanical components, he can no longer suffer Blood Loss, Stunning, or Fatigue from attacks that hit there.