Cybernetic Senses:

Ocular and aural augmetics are fairly common bionic systems in the Imperium - the small mass of the sensorum combined with close proximity to the brain make for relatively easy attachment and replacement. Giving that being blind or deaf can drastically lower one's usefulness in many trades and levels of society, those that wish to stay out of begging would do well to obtain an augmetic replacement. The exact construction and procedure depends on the sense. Ocular augmetics usually make use of sophisticated pict-recorders and vid-casters that run through compact logis stacks to convert their signals into neural impulses that the bearer's mind can understand as sight, while aural augmetics perform a similar translation via vox pickups and microphones. While not nearly as common, cybernetic replication of touch and taste are not unheard of, though these tend to use significantly more esoteric methods such as vatgrown tongues with far more taste buds than normal or super-fine circuitry implanted below the skin of the fingers. Regardless of the sense and the exact method of replication, the Craftsmanship of the augmetic has other effects on its utility and functions.

Poor: The use of cheap components and basic logis translators causes a somewhat less than perfect emulation of the sense in question, although an inferior sense is certainly better than none at all. Bionic eyes may present a monochromatic picture that stutters or has narrowed peripheral perception, ears are missing high or low frequency receptors or easily pick up unwanted interference, and so forth. The augmetics themselves are also obviously artificial and oversized as no attempt has been made to create a less obtrusive appearance. Adepts and lexmechanics, among others who don't require a high degree of precision in their labours, tend to be seen with these augmetics with the most frequency, leading to derisive prods about bumbling archivists and scriveners on many worlds throughout the Sector. Poor Craftsmanship senses duplicate the most important aspects of the sense but are always lacking in at least one area of competence. This imposes a -20 penalty to Tests involving that sense, effectively making it a detrimental version of the Heightened Senses talent. The GM is free to determine what Tests the penalty applies to, as well as other effects the inferior sense may have.

Common: Many aspects of Imperial society favour function over appearance and the average sensory augmetic follows this philosophy to the letter. Bionic eyes often take the form of an implanted visor or small metallic plate covering the ocular orbit from which a pict-stealer glares, while ears may partly or totally replace the external lobe with grilles or small, pointed vox pickups, either of which may feature thin cables or wires that run along the contours of the head. However, while their appearance may only be marginally better than cheap augmetics plaguing scribes at the archives, they do produce clear, sharp representations of the sense they replace. This allows the bearer the luxury of deciding how much, if at all, his looks will be inconvenienced by the augmetic's external fixtures and components. Common Craftsmanship senses replicate the character's normal sensory range almost flawlessly. In addition, a character can connect a data-slate or similar device to a data-port on his augmetic, allowing him to archive what he sees and hears for later analysis (or simple posterity).

Good: For those with the gelt to spare, highquality cybernetics can provide a superior range of sensory input than the flesh they replaced while simultaneously looking much less artificial in the first place (if the natural look is desired, of course). Fine bionic eyes actually fit within the bearer's eye sockets, creating a more natural appearance that can be further disguised with the use of coloured contact lenses. For aural augmetics, the earlobes are typically spared (jewellery simply does not look as good attached to a metallic plate) with perhaps a small sensor-laden plug visible within the ear or peeking out from the skull behind the lobe - depending on whether or not the bearer is offsetting deafness or merely enhancing his hearing, the biological ears themselves may be no more than decoration while the actual sensory input occurs at the base of the skull. Exterior cables or wiring is well concealed too, perhaps leaving slight raised areas in the skin but little more, and flaps of artificial tissue cover diagnostor plugs and dataports. In spite of their very unobtrusive appearance, costly augmetics like these can significantly enhance the bearer's senses, such as being able to see into the ultraviolet spectrum or hear ultra high or low frequency noises normally inaudible to the
common man. Best Craftsmanship senses duplicate the effects of Common versions and also grant the Heightened Senses talent for the affected skill. Further capabilities can be added at the time of the augmetic's creation and attachment - as a general rule of thumb, a cybernetic sense can include the functions of a relevant tool or piece of gear by paying twice the base price of the item in question. Examples could include bionic eyes that include a holo-visor or magnoculars, bionic ears that have a built-in microbead, an augmetic tongue that can detect poison like a poi-savant (without exposing its bearer either), and so on.

