Data-Slate

Data-slates are a nearly ubiquitous sight across much of the Imperium, and it is often said that there are likely more styles and patterns of these humble devices than there are worlds under the God-Emperor's gaze. In general, a data-slate is designed to display some form of media - typically text or graphs, but more advanced models can also be used to render vox or vidrecordings, with some costly patterns even incorporating a hololith or projector. The core components of a data-slate belong to wellunderstood STCs and as a result they can be produced in staggering quantities with minimal expense - many are used simply because they're more durable than paper. Data-slates are typically powered off of an internal charge cell - depending on the quality of the slate's construction, a data-slate may be able to be used for days or weeks at a time before it must be connected to a power source to replenish its reserves. In most cases, a data-slate retains information it carried even when it has no power. The functions and utility of a data-slate can typically be categorized on the same scale as Item Craftsmanship, but even then there can be considerable variance:

Poor: A simple monotask construction typically encountered in a cheap plastek or soft metal housing. These very basic slates are only designed to display text, and by and large cannot be used to do anything but display the data that is initially printed into them. Some can be repurposed later, but most use a type of "single use" data-coils that can only be written to once. Common: These slates appear to be similar to the Poor Craftsmanship version described above, but have denser data-coils that are doubled up in the slightly thicker housing. This allows the contained text to be cleared out and filled again when connected to a cogitator, dataloom, or other device capable of recording text. Even cheap slates usually have enough memory to store quite a bit of text on it, with some models able to store an entire volume of the Psalms of Saint Drusus in a package that can be slipped into a pants pocket. For an additional 10 Thrones, data-slates of Common Craftsmanship (or better) can be obtained with a built-in microvox that can receive data from the public info-nets that exist in some grander hive cities.

Good: No longer a simple device to merely store text, a Good Craftsmanship data-slate is capable of storing and replaying picts, vids and voxlogs as well, making it a truly multipurpose device. The higher cost and workmanship is typically represented by a shiny alloy housing that is often finished with brass or copper around the edges. Data-slates of this type tend to be larger than their lesser brethren, boasting a large and clear screen that's about the size of a roll of parchment. A minority are the inverse, however, with high-quality interiors that allow the slate to be barely larger than a deck of cards - this style is often favoured by those that must travel light, though the tiny screen can be hard to read at times. 

Best: Top-of-the-line patterns begin to blur the line between data-slate and personal cogitator, and are often constructed with a finely lacquered wooden housing, though brushed or chromed metal examples can also be found. These data-slates are both durable and functional, often containing built-in pict- or vidstealers and almost always including a vox pickup for taking verbal notations. A data-slate of this quality might also have such features as a gene-lock so only assigned users can access its information, an emergency purge feature that completely wipes the slate's data-coils, and even a miniature thermal-writer that can transfer text or picts stored on the slate to a small-size roll of special heat-reactive paper. For twice the cost, a Best Craftsmanship data-slate may be fitted with a hololith display or projector suitable for displaying its contents to an audience. 