Exoskeletal Augmetics:

These external braces and supports are servoassisted and duplicate the range of motion of the bearer's limbs and torso with a control unit that is almost invariably hard linked into the spinal column. More basic models and styles, which are permanently or semi-permanently attached to the bearer's body, can restore mobility to extremely aged or diseased flesh, though those who have suffered severe nerve damage may be able to benefit from this augmetic too. Compared to bionic limbs, an exoskeletal augmetic can enable motion and movement but does not replace so much as "assist" the corporal form. Obviously, it is only suitable for those who still have the extremities the God Emperor blessed them with. Most are simply devised as a means to treat the impaired who, for various reasons, would refuse a bionic recovery. Particularly advanced and purpose-designed augmetics do exist, and while rare, they can actually greatly enhance the bearer's physical abilities. Care must be taken in their use to avoid potentially dangerous overexertion of the biology the exoskeleton attaches to. Exoskeletal augmetics can move parts or all of the charcter's body even if he would otherwise be unable to, such as through paralysis or serious injury. Characteristic Damage or reduction due to mangled or useless limbs and organs can be totally offset with the use of this augmetic, though only for the purposes of movement and other such actions - for example, scorched lungs that have caused the character to permanently have one level of Fatigue can't be remedied with an exoskeleton. Other functions depend on the design and intention of the implants, which roughly follow the rules for Item Craftsmanship.

Poor: While they may appear to be mundane and simplistic, typically composed in the main of slate grey metal, these augmetics can get a man out of a gurney or medi-chair with surprising grace. Because they tend to be somewhat bulky in construction, these augmetics are usually worn outside the bearer's clothing (alterations may need to be made for some attachment points), although more voluminous vestments could conceal their presence. Poor Craftsmanship augmetics of this type reduce the character's original Movement Rate by 1 and impose a -5 penalty on Weapon Skill Tests, but otherwise grant the bearer a full range of motion and movement again. If the character's condition caused them to completely lose the use of hands and fingers, the exoskeleton can restore those too, but the movement is less than perfect and they reduce their original Agility by half when making any Tests involving fine manipulation. The exoskeleton gently creaks and flexes as the character moves, imposing a - 10 penalty on Silent Move Tests. This augmetic can be removed by the character (the spinal control block remains, of course), though their condition may require the aid of another character to put it back on again. 

Common: While far less common, exoskeletal augmetics are sometimes used by those who simply desire a body that is more powerful and strongly built without resorting to chopping away their flesh and bones. More advanced exoskeletons are almost always permanently integrated into the bearer's body, their natural tissues augmented by shiny metal bracing and reinforcement which are often further customised and decorated with engraving or glowing power fibres. Aside from the observable parts of the augmetic, the exoskeleton also underpins the bearer's own bones with additional plating - the scars from this heavy surgery are nicely hidden by the augmetic's exterior components. Common Craftsmanship augmetics of this type perform the same functions as the Poor Craftsmanship version but impose no penalties save for those on Silent Move Tests. Additionally, the augmetic's reinforcement of the character's body grants them the Bulging Biceps and Iron Jaw talents as well as increasing the Damage of unarmed attacks by 2. This augmetic is permanently integrated with the character's body and can't be removed.

Good: Elderly Inquisitors and Rogue Traders who steadfastly refuse to acquiesce to time's inexorable advance will sometimes commission an augmetic of this level of exquisite quality to make sure it won't be frailty of the body that finally does them in. This augmetic closely resembles its lesser variation, but the servoacutators and nerve input stacks are far more sophisticated and elaborate, quite possibly making the bearer move even faster than they did in their prime. A perfectly healthy man could benefit from this augmetic as well, though usually only those who have built up considerable resources and influence over a lifetime of duty and endeavours could easily afford the great expense. Good Craftsmanship augmetics of this type
perform the same functions as the Common Craftsmanship version but further grant the character the Unnatural Agility (x2) trait as well as granting a +10 bonus on all Agility-based Tests. The character can also attempt a Hard (- 20) Toughness Test to gain the benefits of the Unnatural Speed trait for up to one minute at a time. Failure still grants the trait's benefits but also inflicts 1d5 levels of Fatigue due to placing serious strain on the character's body. Failure by four or more degrees results in the exoskeleton partly tearing away from the character's body, causing him to begin suffering from Blood Loss as well as reducing the augmetic's effects to those of a Poor Craftsmanship version until it receives proper repairs and service.