Forgery Kit:

A forgery kit is designed for one thing only: creating or modifying documents with false information or credentials. Typically thought of as being the purview of scummers and recidivists taking advantage of the Imperium's heavily bureaucratic nature, a forgery kit can be just as readily used by the forces of justice and retribution to sidestep normal formalities and observances as well as to infiltrate highlydeveloped organisations and cults. Depending on a forgery kit's level of sophistication and versatility, it may be used on existing writs and certifications on paper all the way up to purposemade data-slates and cognomen, though some especially sophisticated forms of security may well be immutable by even the best forger. Forgery is very often a capital offence on many worlds, especially those with a strong Administratum presence, and as a result skilled forgers are usually few and far between: the less talented of their ilk frequently winding up as scribe-servitors once their crimes are exposed. Forgery kits grant a bonus to Forgery Tests made by the user which varies depending on how advanced the kit is. More versatile and elaborate kits can be categorised using the same scale as Item Craftsmanship.

Common: Replacement sheets of paper or parchment and specially reactive inks can be used to create copies of written material with as much accuracy as the forger can muster. Wax seals and stamps can also be replicated with the use of a configurable stamper or signet, though specialty waxes might need to be obtained separately. In general, any written material that does not incorporate especially complex antiforgery features can be forged with this kit. Common Craftsmanship forgery kits provide a +10 bonus to Forgery Tests when working with paper, scrolls, and parchment documents. The user must have the Trade (Copyist) Skill to benefit from the kit's bonus.

Good: This adds a specially derived codifier kit to the usual arsenal which can sniff through documents and records for concealed or hidden authenticators and anti-forgery features, though defeating them may be another matter entirely. The codifier can be attached to an auto-quill to replicate papers and forms with complex headings and margin frames, and a special chemical wipe can simulate the weight or texture of special types of paper. In the hands of a skilled forger, this kit leaves few types of documents that can't be bastardised. Good Craftsmanship forgery kits provide a +20 bonus to Forgery Tests when working with paper, scrolls, and parchment documents. The codifier can also identify hidden anti-forgery devices in the material to be forged - the user must succeed on an Opposed Scrutiny Test against the original writer's Security or Trade (Copyist) Test made to apply the measures. The user must have the Trade (Copyist) and Tech Use Skills to use all of the equipment. The codifier and extra chem-sets add an additional 3kg to the weight of the total set.

Best: Aside from written records, this forgery kit can also falsify materials that are kept in data format on data-slates or cogitators whose memory can be modified after-the-fact. Many types of cognomen can be forged or modified too, which can open quite a few doors both literally and metaphorically. An intrusion-slate filled with eager lines of macro-code can be connected to other data-slates and cogitator systems which can readily delete or substitute data that is already contained, though it lacks the power to perform any meaningful damage to the operating routines of the equipment itself. Because of the threat posed by this type of
forgery equipment it is not uncommon for especially valuable or important information to be stored on data-slates that can only be written to once, which is effectively foolproof right up until the forger physically replaces the slate's innards with some of his own devising. Best Craftsmanship forgery kits provide the same bonuses as the Good Craftsmanship versions but can also be used on records that are contained on most types of data-slates and cogitator banks. Cognomen that use any kind of circuitry or memory coils can also be forged. The intrusion-slate and attachments increase the weight of the set by a further 2kg. 
