Glidewing:

This techno-marvel enables a limited form of flight for its wearer with large avian-like wings that create a striking image. A would-be flyer dons the glidewing's harness which is worn like a large backpack - projections slightly shorter than the wearer's legs are used to steer and maintain stability while the thin metallic plates that scissor outward like wings provide aerodynamic lift. The glidewing works off of a combination of air currents and passive suspensor fields - it does not have an engine or propulsion source in the traditional sense, which helps keep weight and complexity low. Glidewings are often a plaything of nobles who hike up mountains or tall towers and then fling themselves off to leisurely survey the lands below as a sort of escapism from the confines of gravity, soaring through the air on glossy silver wings, but limited numbers have turned up in the hands of military users where they are employed like a long-range grav-chute, deploying commando teams far behind enemy lines in daring night-time raids. The fact that a glidewing is nearly silent in flight makes it ideal for this purpose, and matte black versions carrying strike teams can insert quietly to destroy important communications and logistic sites, assassinate enemy leaders, and sabotage weapons and equipment. Using a glidewing requires the Pilot (Glidewing) or Pilot (Personal) skill. A glidewing grants the user the Flyer (12) Trait, but is incapable of gaining altitude without the use of thermal updrafts and cannot hover in any meaningful way. If launched from a platform  that is at least 15 metres off the ground a glidewing can remain flying until its wearer/pilot tires from using his body to control the lifter's turning and altitude adjustments - use the rules for Forced Marching (page 213 of Dark Heresy), reducing the time margins by half to accommodate for the greater effort required to control the glidewing. Flying a glidewing requires the use of both hands. "Donning" a glidewing's harness and pack elements takes one minute, and the apparatus can be removed for 3 Action Points. While in its folded position a character can move and act freely on foot, but the bulk of the glidewing itself imposes a -10 penalty to Agility-based Tests. Because the alloy body of the glidewing is fairly fragile most who would attempt to use one in a combat situation quickly remove the harness once on the ground and collect it again at the cessation of battle.