Grav-Accelerator:
 
Upgrades: Any Pistol or Basic Solid Projectile weapon

Slug-throwers of all walks and means invariably rely on controlled explosions of their chemical propellant charges to fling a projectile at speed down the barrel. The velocity, and by association power, can be increased through the crude expedience of simply using more propellant, but those with access to salvaged or recycled gravplating have devised an altogether more efficient, though entirely illegal, means of putting more force into their shots. A gravaccelerator is permanently attached to the housing of a slug-thrower and linked into its firing system. When the weapon is fired, a directional gravitic force is blasted at the projectile to put greater power behind it without the risk of exploding the barrel or chamber. While succeeding admirably at improving the slug-thrower’s ballistic performance, the grav-accelerator does add considerably to the weapon’s bulk and recoil. Further, the accelerator requires a separate power source to function, complicating reloading and increasing the complexity of the gun. As an ancillary concern, the Cult Mechanicus considers most of these modifications to be proscribed in the extreme – as a result, most who would dare to upgrade their gun in such a fashion are those already on the wrong side of the law. A grav-accelerator increases the weapon’s Damage by 1 and Range by 10 metres. If applied to a Pistol class weapon, the enhanced recoil inflicts a -10 penalty to the shooter’s Ballistic Skill Tests unless the shooter has a Strength Bonus of 4 or higher, or holds the weapon with both hands. If the weapon already has a similar requirement, the shooter’s Strength Bonus must be 5 or higher instead. Finally, the gravaccelerator itself requires an additional power source, typically a small battery unit or lasgun charge pack. The accelerator is configured to expend power equally as the gun’s Clip is exhausted and must be replaced when it runs out of bullets or shells, adding another 3 Action Points to its Reload time. 
