Injector Rig: 

An injector rig is a fairly simple affair that replaces the manipulative aspects of administering drugs with an automatic system that pumps its contents into the bearer's body on command. The function and usage depends heavily on the level of care quality put into the rig, as well as the concern shown to its bearer's well-being and health. This roughly follows the rules for Item Craftsmanship. 

Poor: Cheaply made in heretek workshops for ganger heavies or bloodpit fighters, these crude rigs are obviously artificial and oversized, often with hypo-injectors or intramuscular tubes linked to bulky chem canisters sutured to the bearer's back or worn in external pouches. Depending on the exact style and how much care (if any) is used in their attachment, this type implant may more closely resemble the features of a fleshy servitor than a proper augmetic. Their low level of quality, aside from looking less than appealing, can also cause painful or crippling side effects if the external portions of the rig are damaged or malfunction. Poor injector rigs can store up to ten doses of four different types of drugs, which can be deployed into the character's body as one Action Point. The rig can be designed to administer drugs at the character's direction or remotely via a small control pad, with the latter configuration being commonly used on slave-warriors. In all cases, the character taking any Critical Damage has a 50% chance to trigger potentially fatal toxic
poisoning as the injector rig malfunctions. This inflicts 2d10 points of Damage that aren't reduced by Armour or Toughness. 

Common: A well-made injector rig integrates more seamlessly with the bearer's form, most frequently making use of evenly distributed synth-bladders and membranous pouches that are hidden among the bearer's muscles and under his skin. These can secrete their contents directly into the bearer's bloodstream via microvalve implants that directly connect to major veins and arteries. Each bladder or reservoir can be replenished through a tiny port that appears as a small metal plate about one centimetre across which are spread out throughout the body, with the drug being secreted through
muscular action or simply applying pressure in a certain motion around the implant. The ports can be disguised with cosmetics or simply by wearing flowing clothes. Common injector rigs can store up to eight doses of different types of drugs, which can be deployed into the character's body as one Action Point. Each bladder or pouch must be refilled or drained and replaced separately if the character desires to change what sorts of drugs he's carrying. These injector rigs are much more reliable than cheaper versions, but can still be accidentally triggered if the implants are suitably battered. If the character takes any Impact Critical Damage, one of the drugs in the injector rig is randomly administered.