Jump Pack

Across the Imperium, and likely since the dawn of mankind, men have dreamed of flight. Jump packs are fantastic creations of the Mechanicus that allows just that. Using a combination of high-intensity suspensor cells
and powerful hybrid thrusters, a character wearing a jump pack can send themselves soaring through the air or hurtling across flat ground at great speed. Jump packs are highly sophisticated pieces of equipment that require special training both to use and to maintain, and as a result they are typically only employed by elite organisations such as the Adepta Soroitas' famed Seraphim or the Imperial Navy's crack void armsmen. Much larger versions are used by Assault Marines of the Adeptus Astartes to especially devastating effect. Because of their bulk and mass, along with the noise of idling turbines, jump packs are typically only donned right before an operation commences. Using a jump pack requires the operator have the Pilot (Jump Pack) or Pilot (Personal) skill - to attempt to fly without understanding the nuances and habits of the jump pack would result in almost certain death. A trained character can use a jump pack to safely land from almost any altitude, and can make short jumps or dashes as if they had an Agility Bonus of 6 for the purposes of determining movement. When used in this mode, a character takes off at the start of his movement and lands at the end - this can potentially allow a character to avoid difficult or hazardous terrain (see Treacherous Environments on page 213 of Dark Heresy). When cranked to maximum output, a jump pack allows its wearer to duplicate the effects of the Flyer (12) Trait for up to a minute at a time; after being used in this fashion, a jump pack must spend an equal amount of time cooling its turbines. Jump packs can also be used in a void environment, granting the wearer a Movement of 15. Without atmosphere to rush through its turbines, a jump pack relies purely on its thrusters to move through void, which will exhaust their reserves of fuel and energy in about an hour. 
