Line Ascender:

A line ascender is a fairly simple powered device that is intended to be attached to lengths of rope or cable and quickly move the operator up or down the line. The tripartite machine is composed of individual wheels or fine toothed gears each possessing its own motor installed in a flexible hinged bracket. The bracket is opened or closed like a bolt cropper, causing all three moving parts to clamp down on the line and grip it firmly. Two handholds are provided onto which the user grips and then allows the device to pull him along in the desired direction. The ascender can be sent along the line without anyone holding onto it by engaging a separate auto-mode switch, in which case it zips along until it reaches the end of the line and stops there. Line ascenders are typically used by manufactorum crews and mine-rig operators as an easy way to cross open areas or reach vertical areas quickly and with minimal effort - these areas frequently have cables and lines in abundance, whether for use in stabilising a structure, providing an insulative ground link, or even purpose-built transit cables for the ascenders themselves. Unlike grapnels, they are not typically used in military applications as the sound of the three rollers meshing together around the line produces a distinct ise that can carry noticeably far. A line ascender can be attached to any reasonably smooth rope, cable, wire, or line that is free of obstructions and knots. Once attached, the user can grip the line ascender (using both hands) and ride it safely at a speed of up to their Agility Bonus in metres every round regardless of whether the ascender is moving up or down, horizontally or vertically. The ascender itself can move much faster, but the strong vibration and risk of getting caught up in the cable or mechanism can lead to disastrous accidents. A character can move up to twice his Agility Bonus by succeeding on an Ordinary (+10) Acrobatics Test or Challenging (+0) Agility Test, with failure indicating that he loses his grip on the ascender. As a safety feature, a line ascender will stop if it meets any kind of obstruction on the line that might inadvertently disengage the wheels. Attaching a line ascender costs 3 Action Points and removing it costs 1 Action Point.