Mag-Harness

These sturdy belts and bandoliers contain a series of magnetic plates on the outer surfaces, allowing the wearer to attach ferromagnetic objects, such as knives, pistol clips, or whole  grenades - simply by tapping them against the centre of each plate and allowing the magnetism to do the rest. A mag-harness allows a professional fighter to do away with many kinds of mundane holsters and pouches or packs - as long as the item is mostly composed of magnetic alloys, it simply sticks to a given plate and remains there until needed. Aside from simple tapping or twisting motions, a mag-harness' plates can be manually activated or deactivated by short numeric codes that are entered into a small runepad on the harness' large belt buckle. The pad is typically covered by a sturdy lid to prevent damage or errant hands grasping at it, and many mag-harnesses decorate it with the insignia of the maker, the organisation it belongs to, or a personal badge of some sort. Magharnesses usually aren't used in military situations due to their expense as well as the careful attentions one must keep while wearing one - an environment full of metallic objects, such as a hive corridor or the interior of a tank, could result in the wearer being stuck to a surface if his harness accidentally triggers. Likewise, areas with large amounts of electromagnetic interference can result in "undesirous operation", and heavy-duty magnets such as those often used in the moving of scrap metal and cargo-vaults can be especially dangerous. The Adeptus Arbites are the largest single user of mag-harnesses, as their welltrained patrols can be trusted to use the appropriate level of caution when around such hazardous conditions. A mag-harness can attach up to 25 metallic objects that can be easily held in one hand - wearing one grants the wearer the Quick Draw talent for any pistol, grenade, one-handed melee weapon, or similar item that can be attached to the mag-harness. Basic weapons and twohanded melee weapons can be attached to a mag-harness provided they weigh less than 10 kg, though they take the same amount of time to Ready as normal. If the character already possesses the Quick Draw talent the magharness does not let them Ready any faster, but they can stow items that would benefit from the  talent as a Free Action. Some types of weapons are composed of nonmetallic materials or alloys that have no ferromagnetic qualities - these can't be used in conjunction with a mag-harness. 
