Manacles:

This type of basic restraint has been used in some form or other since the Age of Terra and is just as effective today as it has been for countless millennia. In their most basic form, manacles are sturdy metallic cuffs linked together by a chain or cable that scissor open and then latch shut around a prisoner's wrists - depending on the user's skill, a prisoner can be made quite compliant, or at least easier to transport. Tried and true styles of manacles typically use a mechanical lock whose key is held by the captor, while more novel or esoteric versions might use a combination, gene-lock, or simple tension that can't be loosened by the prisoner. Manacles are commonly thought of as the purview of bounty hunters and enforcers, but they also have a calling among sinister individuals and groups with more nefarious intentions. Various styles of manacles, including those hailing from worlds of varying tech levels, can typically be categorized on the same scale as Item Craftsmanship. 

Poor: Basic, no-frills designs that keep a prisoner's hands together and not much else. Manacles of this type are typically referred to as "hand clamps" due to their simplistic construction - some use the familiar lock-andkey arrangement, but many make use of simple bolts and pins that, in theory, a prisoner can't reach to pop out. Aside from cheap restraints, this type of manacle can also represent examples used in feudal world dungeons.  Manacles of this type impose a -10 penalty on Contortionist or Security Tests to escape from them, and can be burst if the prisoner succeeds at three successive Hard (-20) Strength Tests.

Common: Often seen in the belts and pockets of hive enforcers and other heavies, manacles of this type are generally considered to be "good enough" for most duties. A solid case-hardened frame contains a racheting cuff that securely clicks in place around the prisoner's wrists with a high-tensile chain connecting each manacle, making them very hard to force or break open. The locks themselves are invariably used with a small key that is unique to each pair of cuffs, and the keyhole is deliberately placed to be difficult for an enterprising prisoner to attempt to pick. Manacles of this type increase the penalty to Security Tests made to escape to -30 and require five successive Very Hard (-30) Strength Tests to be broken open.

Good: This type of manacle is usually defined from its lesser iterations by the use of a more complex and escape-resistant locking mechanism. Instead of a typical lock-and-key device, these manacles can be found with more advanced mechanisms - gene-lock circuits are particularly popular as only the manacles' owner can trigger their release, but some more ambitious patterns use a cogitator-controlled lock that can be programmed via a special dataslate. This data-slate can deactivate the manacles at any time, but can also set up a specific time period or interval where the manacles will unlock by themselves. A built-in microvox link allows the data-slate to communicate with the manacles from a distance of up to 10 metres. Manacles of this type impose a -40 penalty to Security Tests made to escape, and the Test takes twice as long to attempt.

Best: Also known as "magnacles", these finelycrafted restraints are about as effective as wrist restraints get. Magnacles, as the name suggests, make heavy use of magnetism in their operations - the locking mechanism of the shackle is magnetic, and the cuffs themselves are designed to clamp to one another, making them exceptionally difficult to escape. All the same, they can be released almost instantly by merely pressing a stud on a small pocket-sized "clicker" which deactivates the magnetic fields. Aside from attaching to one another, an individual magnacle can also be stuck to just about any ferrous surface, such as the interior of a Repressor vehicle or prison cell, making them a highly versatile tool as well. Magnacles are most commonly used by hardened Arbitrators dispensing Imperial law - a single trooper will often carry a pair in his personal equipment, with a dozen or more kept as standard in a Repressor's cargo bins. Magnacles impose a -40 penalty on Contortionist and Security Tests made to escape, and each Test takes at least three times as long as usual to attempt. A character can force a magnacle open by succeeding on five successive Hellish (-60) Strength Tests. 