Medikit
 
Medikits are an essential part of any combat medic's arsenal and are frequently employed by chirurgeons and medicae making "hab calls" as well. A medikit will vary considerably in appearance and utility, but the general purpose is to provide a concise and compact set of medical tools, chem sets, drugs, and other gear to improve the medicae's ability to treat injured and sickened victims in field situations. Medikits used by soldiers and Guardsmen will typically come in a collapsible rubberised fabric bundle that can be easily attached to a gear harness or belt, while a chirurgeon might carry a much more polished set in a leather case that will hold its shape and the implements within during treatment procedures. A medikit provides a +20 bonus to Medicae Tests made to administer First Aid, to stop Blood Loss, and in the treatment of broken limbs (including amputations). A medikit typically has enough supplies to be used ten times before it is depleted. If the medic has access to reserves of medicinal supplies, such as at a hospice or treatment centre, a depleted medikit can be "refilled" for half the listed price of a new one. If the medic succeeds on a Medicae Test with three or more degrees of success he only uses half as many supplies as usual thanks to greater efficiency and avoidance of precautionary excess. See the Medicae skill description on page 233 of The Inquisitor's Handbook for a more detailed explanation and further rules. 

Advanced Medikit: Aside from the usual supplies and tools, this medikit includes a compact "guidance cogitator" that can offer instructions to the medic, allowing those who are not skilled in first aid to still act in a lifesaving capacity. Easy-to-follow pict-grams are provided as well to facilitate quick diagnosis of common conditions. Though helpful for the average citizen or soldier, the added bulk and "juvie" nature of an advanced medikit's extra features make them rare sights in the hands of a trained healer. In addition to functioning as a normal medikit, an advanced medikit allows the user to make Medicae Tests even if he is not trained in that skill.
  
Healer's Kit: Less developed worlds of the Imperium usually have at least a modicum of medical theory and surgical practice, which are often taught by secretive guilds and academic schools. Feudal medicine is far less advanced than that practiced on fully-vested Imperial worlds, but it can be surprisingly effective at treating common maladies. A feudal healer will typically use live leeches to staunch bleeding, sharp needles and fine thread to suture wounds closed, and bottles of alcohol and herbal tinctures to clean injuries and relax pain. Other accoutrements would usually include rolls of fabric bandages, metallic tongs and clamps, scalpels, probes, and a wire saw to quickly amputate diseased or crushed limbs. While kit of this type would be logically found on feudal and other less-developed worlds, it can also be used to represent cheap or improvised medical tools and supplies used on the fringes of Imperial society - for example, replacing the needles and thread with a handheld staple-fastener or non-caustic binding glues. A healer's kit provides a +10 bonus to Medicae Tests made to administer First Aid, to stop Blood Loss, and in the treatment of broken limbs (including amputations). A healer's kit has enough supplies to be used 1d10+5 times before it is exhausted, though replacement supplies can be easily scrounged up in most inhabited areas.
