Micro-bead

Short for "microphone-earbead", micro-beads are a common form of field communication among soldiers, professional mercenaries, and other groups that focus on complex tactics. They are less heavily used outside of military and paramilitary circles, but aren't unheard of either, often gracing the lobes of manufactorum foremen and labour-gang supervisors. A microbead is designed for hands-free vocal communication over short distances - the wearer is able to speak with other characters wearing a micro-bead and hear their replies. Individual micro-beads operate on a unique vox-frequency that can be shared with multiple participants with a range of about a kilometre. If properly configured, a micro-bead can be "trunked" through a vox-caster as well, giving the microbead's wearer the ability to speak at much longer distances. Because of their small size, microbeads are prone to receiving "unhelpful" interference from heavy machinery and more powerful comm-links, and their signal range can be considerably degraded by certain materials or simple density of objects between them. A micro-bead's Craftsmanship has further effects on its use and utility:

Poor: Often composed of a bulky headset with a movable microphone, cheap micro-beads typically do not even mount the communications device itself in the headgear. The antenna and receiver unit take the form of a separate device about the size of a pack of lhosticks that is typically carried in a vest pocket or pouch, with a wire feed connecting the headset. This type of micro-bead is usually found in non combat uses where its extra mass and clunky nature aren't problematic. A Poor Craftsmanship micro-bead weighs 1 kg and imposes a -5 penalty to any sound-based Awareness or Perception Tests the wearer makes in any Round in which he also uses the microbead to communicate.

Common: These micro-beads are typical of those used in the Imperial Guard and similar circles, and can sometimes be found permanently integrated into a flak helmet. The stand-alone types are composed of a metallic or plastek hook that sits around the user's earlobe with a small probe that fills the ear canal to allow the wearer to hear his allies in relative privacy. A microphone is provided on a thin boom that can be folded or collapsed when not in use - if properly adjusted, the user can whisper into the boom and still be heard clearly by his allies.

Good: Lighter and more comfortable to wear, high-grade micro-beads dispense with most of the external housing, leaving behind a very thin frame that fits behind the user's ear. The entire body of the micro-bead acts as an antenna which allows it to be made much smaller, and the microphone is reduced to a tiny sphere on a thin memory wire that can be easily repositioned as the wearer needs. In addition to speaking aloud, a trained user can make use of a special micpatch affixed to the side of his neck to communicate subvocally - the mic-patch interprets vibration and tensing of the user's neck and throat into speech, allowing him to "speak" while appearing to be silent, though careful observation can reveal subtle movements of the neck muscles. A Good Craftsmanship micro-bead allows the
user to speak to his allies without making any verbal noise as long as he has any one Ciphers skill. The micro-bead translates this subvocal communication into spoken words for those listening in on the micro-bead's frequency.

Best: A top-of-the-line micro-bead broadly resembles its lesser peer but is even more complex, the thin frame containing hundreds of metres of hair-like circuitry. A complex codecipher algorithm is applied to all transmissions between these micro-beads, making it much more difficult for prying ears to listen in on any conversations that may be transpiring. Though theoretically secure against eavesdropping, the paranoid users of encrypted micro-beads will often communicate in verbal code all the same - just in case. Micro-beads of this type are most commonly used by agents and infiltrators who cannot risk being exposed, but especially nefarious recidivists and ganglords are known to communicate with them as well, much to the frustration of enforcers or Arbitrators trying to edge in. A Best Craftsmanship micro-bead is identical to a Good Craftsmanship model in terms of use, but imposes a -30 penalty to Tech-Use Tests made as part of attempts to jack or bug the linked micro-beads with other devices. 