Mind Impulse Unit:

Also known as machine-links or "Divine Conduits" among tech-priests, a mind impulse unit is a sophisticated and potent implant that allows its bearer to interface directly with the machine spirits of powerful machinery and equipment. Ultra-fine wires are ran into the bearer's brain and then coalesce into a spinal or cortical socket into which an appropriate plug from the machine is connected. A bearer who is familiar with the proper rites and rituals- and none who would carry this augmetic aren't - can communicate with and direct the machine by thought and will alone. For followerse of the Cult Mechanicus, this is an act of religious importance as one becomes closer to singularity with the holy machine; those that aren't members of the priesthood would do well to show the proper respect when using a mind impulse unit whilst in the presence of a tech-priest and enginseers. Being directly linked to the awesome power of large and puissant pillars of techno-artiface can be dangerous for a hasty, unobservant, or ill-prepared mind. Those who do not require the ability to direct great forgeworks like an orchestra or wield a Battle Titan's earth shattering power like an extension of their own body will likely find a much humbler cerebral plug to be perfectly sufficient for their purposes. A mind impulse unit provides a +10% bonus to Drive, Pilot, and Tech-Use Tests made with a linked machine. More esoteric pursuits such as communication with the machine spirits, may provide the character with other bonuses or require other Tests. Connecting a mind impulse unit requires the completion of the appropriate rituals and rites to establish communion with the machine - this takes at least one minute, though an observant tech-priest might take longer than that just out of piety. The character can attempt to speed the process up to 3 Action Points but must succeed on a Toughness Test or gain one level of Fatigue as the machine spirit chastises their impropriety. Especially great machines, such as voidship steering cogitators, a gun-cutter's main control systems, or a manufactorum logis stack will exact a far harsher price for those who dare intrude fleshy minds into their mechanical purity; the Toughness Test becomes -20% with failure inflicting 1d10 levels of Fatigue. Failure by four or more degrees instead causes the machine spirit to violently lash out at the unfortunate character, frying their mind impulse unit and their brain along with it - after a brilliant cascade of sparks, the character falls dead with his head sizzling. 