Painimmune (Drug)
 
While many of the more steely Imperial
servants might grimly recant that "pain is
weakness leaving the body", or perhaps more
jovially, "pain lets you know you're still alive",
most men find these catechisms to be of little
comfort when suffering from a terrible injury or
sickness. Painimmune, as the name suggests, is a
long-acting analgesic that suppresses physical
pain (along with just about every other sense) for
therapeutic purposes. Painimmune is widely
used as a post-surgical recovery aid, especially
when a patient has received a cybernetic implant
or some other major procedure that can cause
systemic shock, and is typically administered in a
slow-drip infusion to spread a dose out over
time. Acolytes of the Imperial Inquisition are
more likely to encounter single-use injector-
ampoules that are commonly used in combat situations. In this format, a single ampoule is
typically used by a medic to help stabilize a
wounded comrade until more thorough
treatment can be administered. Alternatively, a
victim that is too grievously wounded might be
given two doses and then simply left to meet the
God-Emperor in peace, a manoeuvre known
commonly as a "medicae mercy killing". Though
designed to help heal, or at least soothe physical
languishment, painimmune's powerful effects on
the nervous system can also be extremely
dangerous, with overdoses being almost
invariably fatal. The drug can also be addictive -
patients who have been under a heavy regimen
during convalescence may find themselves
dangerously dosing themselves long after their
original injuries have healed.
A dose of painimmune becomes effective in
one Round and completely suppresses feelings of
pain or discomfort for 1d5+1 hours. During this
time the user gains a number of levels of Fatigue
equal to their Toughness Bonus. If a second dose
is taken during this time the duration is
increased by another 1d5+1 hours and the user is
knocked unconscious as their various biological
processes begin to shut down. The user takes 1
point of Toughness Damage every 5 minutes
until the drug wears off or their Toughness
becomes 0, at which point they die peacefully.
The rules described above refer to individual
doses of painimmune meant to be used in the
field - therapeutic dosages used as part of long-
term recovery and treatment are considered to
fall under the Medicae skill when used in a
hospice or similarly-outfitted environment.