Pict Recorder

A pict recorder is a fairly common device meant to matriculate still or live media. The technology to make these devices is well understood, but most require a significantamount of rare metals and precisely engineered
components in their construction - this puts their cost above what most citizens could afford for any kind of recreational or entertainment purpose. Pict recorders are used in a battery of applications, including both covert and overt surveillance, inspections of manufactured products and equipment, and the recording of expeditions and discoveries - some more eccentric explorers and questing Magi have been known to include monotask servitors or servoskulls in their retinue solely to record their exploits for posterity. Pict-recorders come in a range of formats and styles - their capabilities and functions can be roughly categorized using the same rules as Item Craftsmanship:

Poor: Basic and cheap pict recorders are only capable of taking still monochrome picts, which are captured on cellulose strips that must undergo chemical processing before they can be viewed. For-hire inquiry agents tend to make use of these simple devices to obtain visual evidence of their target's misdeeds.

Common: More complex and sophisticated pict recorders are fully capable of taking down live-action vids as well as still picts, both of which are recorded in a subtractive colour scheme that reproduces - with decent accuracy - a true depiction of what the device sees. A pict recorder of this type can store a hundred or more picts or several hours of vid-recording on physical memory-coils within the recorder's housing. Once full, the media within can be sent to a compatible data-slate, cogitator, or other storage device for later review.

Good: Higher quality pict recorders produce picts and vids with sharper clarity and definition. Many also include a small screen on the device's housing that allows the user to view picts or vids that have already been taken, allowing them to inspect and cycle through their handiwork. This quality lets the user determine  if any re-takes are necessary while the object of attention is still at hand, which can be immeasurably useful.

Best: Showing their top quality in both workmanship and the media produced, mastercrafted pict recorders can store a staggering amount of picts or vids through the use of liquid data medium that is contained in pressurised internal vessels. These pict recorders can be used in most lighting conditions and are the only types that return visual feeds sharp enough to be translated into full-scale hololith projections. 
