Pict-Fly

Equal parts techno-wonder and elite espionage device, pict-flies are wonderfully useful instruments for the conniving and underhanded. The tiny brain and nervous system of a flying insect is housed within a compact multi-legged construct that can crawl around on its needlelike appendages or fly on minute gossamer wings - only close inspection or an auspex scan would reveal the mechanical nature of the device. A pict-fly has a limited logis stack that can receive and carry out basic instructions, such as "follow the man in the red boots" or "hover above the terminal for an hour", which it will carry out to the best of its ability. A battery of micro-sized pict-stealers and vox pickups can record and transmit the visual and audio cues from the immediate vicinity via a tightly compacted antenna coil in the pict-fly's abdomen - the device has no room for any kind of data-storage, so any signals sent to an inattentive viewer are lost. A pict-fly can transmit its findings over a long distance, but the broad frequency can be easily jammed by background interference, operating machinery, or large metallic objects, and most clandestine types who would use a pict-fly prefer to let their costly tool get no more than a few hundred metres away. A pict-fly can transmit what it sees and hears to most common pict-casters with the aid of a special receiver module that can also be used to recharge a pict-fly's unique power cell (the module weighs 2kg). The visual and audio returned tends to be of a fairly low quality - Perception-based Tests to observe the going-ons take a -10 or -20 penalty for sight- and soundbased occurrences, respectively. A pict-fly's insectoid wings create a low buzzing noise in flight - those nearby can attempt a Hard (-20) Awareness Test to locate the pict-fly while it is flying. The pict-fly has the Flyer (5) Trait and can make Concealment Tests with an Agility of 50 if it needs to hide. Because of its diminutive size and fragile construction, any kind of attack - including an errant stripling swatting it out of the air with a stick - ruins the arcane device. The pict-fly's power cell can operate for up to three hours, after which it finds the nearest flat surface and shuts down. 