Polygum:

This miraculous substance is the sole export of the world of Ganf Magna, and while its properties seem to defy logical explanation, its utility is vast beyond question. According to popular iteration, polygum was accidentally discovered when frontiersmen, waging a punitive expedition against the feral Orks that still trouble Ganf Magna today, blew open ancient trees with errant gunfire. The thick sap that emerged formed a rubbery, stretchy compound after coming in contact with scrubby lichen that grow on the tree's exterior. Even after being removed from the tree, the wads of gummy stuff demonstrate incredible elasticity and adhesive qualities - closer inspection has revealed that the polygum has an antibacterial property as well, creating even more uses for the marvellous substance. Polygum can be stretched and shaped to form waterproof cloaks, mantles, and tarps; readily serves as a sling for a broken or sprained limb; could improvise a litter if attached to parallel rods; is perfectly capable of holding damaged machinery components together until a more permanent fix is possible; keeps water and moisture out of leaky housings for equipment; and can even be used to squeeze shut a bleeding wound. It may be easier to question what can't be done with polygum than to attempt to create a comprehensive list of its possible applications. In order to retain "freshness", polygum must be stored in fairly small quantities in wooden containers - these handling characteristics lead to its fairly high cost on the open market, even though the stuff literally "grows on trees" on its world of origin. Polygum can be used for a variety of situations where a waterproof putty-like material could be employed. A character with the Medicae skill can use a ball of polygum to immediately end Blood Loss being suffered by himself or another character. Polygum can generally be reused after being unstuck and returned to its original container, but exposure to substances with a high iron content - such as blood - causes it to become brittle and crumble the next time someone tries to reshape it.