Sky Eye:

A sky eye is a fantastic piece of technoarcanum about the size of a scrumball that can scan and survey large amounts of territory from the air with almost as much ease as a much larger recon-drone sometimes employed by artillery regiments of the Imperial Guard. The sky eye takes the form of an almost featureless metallic sphere dotted with dozens of tiny ports for micro-scanners and an inbuilt suspensor array - there is no apparent means to access the sky eye's no-doubt wondrously sophisticated innards. A sky eye is paired with a similarly elegant docking station that provides the device with power and is used to input commands. The sky eye can be programmed to fly out to a given area and perform surveillance quietly from the air - it moves at a modest speed but with impeccable grace and can cover a substantial area before returning to its docking station to recharge and display its findings. In the Calixis Sector only the highly advanced and sprawling forges of the Lathes can produce these exquisite machines, where they are viewed as being works of micro-tech art just as much as useful tools of exploration and reconnaissance. Sky eyes can be loaded with a set of instructions to cover and scan a given area up to 15 kilometres away - the device takes to the air and finds its way to the target, using its microscanners to create a three-dimensional map of the area. The process can take anywhere from a few minutes to several hours depending on the size of the target, distances involved, and "traffic" that the sky eye must avoid to get there. Its task complete, the sky eye will unerringly return to the location it was launched from (this requires the docking station to be at the same general spot as it was when the sky eye left). landing flawlessly to begin recharging and providing the information it has gathered. The docking station is equipped with a small hololith to display the maps on-location, and includes standard dataports so the information can be sent to dataslates for later review on larger systems. Simple instructions, such as taking a peek at the roof of a nearby building, require no Tests on the part of the user. More complex plans or programs, especially those directed at areas that can't be observed from the launch location, will typically require an Ordinary (+10) Tech-Use Test, and may be considerably harder if the sky eye must navigate in a very specific way, travel near the edge of its operational radius, or fly through small passages or openings. On a failure, the sky eye simply refuses to launch, though failure by two or more degrees angers its machine spirit and causes it to become inert for 1d10 hours. The sky eye is durable enough to survive bumping into objects or minor impacts in the course of flight, but its body is easily destroyed by weapons fire - if it takes even a single point of Damage, the sky eye self-destructs in a brilliant cascade of white sparks to preserve the enigmatic construction from hereteks and others who could prosper with its secrets. The sky eye moves with the Flyer (8) Trait and its active stealth procedures require a Very Hard (-30) Awareness Test to notice its presence by sight or sound, though an auspex scan will detect it normally. The sky eye and its docking station are uniquely paired, so if one is destroyed the other is effectively reduced to a mantelpiece display. 