Slam:

Slam is unquestionably the worst, most destructive kind of combat drug imaginable. It should therefore be no surprise that the horrid stuff originated on Fenksworld's nightmarish Hive Volg. Its manufacture is similarly unpleasant. The raw materials are chemical residue gathered from the digestive tracts of hulking corpse roaches that infest the meat sumps in Volg's worst districts. The gooey and caustic substance is crystallized in an alkaline bath and then ground into a bile yellow powder before being diluted in what's hopefully water. Moments after being injected, slam causes a rapid biological change in the user, creating hyperactive muscular growth that often causes the user to visibly bulge and spasm. The user's nerves are greatly deadened during the process, leaving them to feel only a monstrous rush of power and energy that is frequently accompanied by an intense urge to commit violence. Diluted slam can easily cause long term damage to the user's circulatory and nervous system, even in small doses. Those who hail from Volg would consider this a small price to pay when faced with the choice of being devoured by a ravenous maw-fluke or dosing up and then ripping its jaws off with their bare hands. Use of slam is a matter of survival on Volg, but a thriving black market for the drug exists on other worlds where users take the destructive substance to wreak havoc on their enemies, often with little concern (or perhaps understanding) of the consequences. Pure slam, still suspended in an alkaline solution, can be injected as well - the results are almost inevitably fatal for the user, but the sheer destruction that a "slammed" hiver can create before their organs rupture is a spectacle in and of itself. A dose of diluted slam becomes effective in one Round and grants the user the Unnatural Strength (x2) and Unnatural Toughness (x2) traits for 1d5+TB Rounds. The user must pass an Ordinary (+10) Willpower Test or enter into a violent rage as if they'd taken a dose of frenzon, though the effect only lasts as long as the slam itself. When the drug wears off, the character must pass an Arduous (-40) Toughness Test or permanently reduce their Strength and Agility Characteristics by 1d5 points each. Pure slam is even more dangerous. The drug takes effect immediately, with the character gaining the Unnatural Strength (x3), Unnatural Toughness (x3), and Unnatural Speed traits for a number of Rounds equal to twice their Toughness Bonus. The character goes completely berserk as if under the effects of ghostfire pollen extract, crushing friend and foe alike. Once the drug "wears off", the effects do not end, but the character must pass a Very Hard (-30) Toughness Test or gain a level of Fatigue (ignoring its effects per the Frenzy talent). The character's drug-fuelled rage continues until he has accumulated more levels of Fatigue than his Toughness Bonus, at which time he drops dead from catastrophic cardiac failure. This accumulated Fatigue cannot be removed in any way - even de-tox is ineffective against pure slam's terrible effects.  
