Somna:

An unusual and curious drug to say the least, somna is created from a synthesized extract of the Nephys Orchid of Iocanthus. When properly refined and condensed, somna instils a wave of shifts in the user's bodily humours, inducing a coma-like state and very nearly shutting their biological processes down. The character hovers on the very brink of death, their consciousness plunged into a bottomless abyss far beyond even the deepest sleep, while their body can survive without food or water and on an imperceptible amount of air for up to several weeks. Like clockwork, the user will apparently rise from the dead a predetermined amount of time later, possibly feeling ravenously hungry but otherwise suffering no ill effects. A man under the effects of somna appears to be dead for all intents and purposes - an auspex scan reports a corpse, while all but the most skilled medicae will write the user off as well. Somna can even fool the soulscouring powers of a trained psyker, making the stuff immensely useful for deep infiltration and high-risk operations. As with almost all things, Malfian society has found a twisted and sinister application for somna in the form of elaborate murders and disappearances where a drugged user awakens to find himself buried alive or marooned on the notoriously perilous feral world of Dusk. An adulterated form of somna is used as a lacing agent for a particularly potent variety of obscura known as "black spiral", which so far has only turned up on Scintilla. This suggests that the narco-gangs in Hive Sibellus have come into some kind of reliable supply of somna, which has sparked all sorts of speculation and intrigue among the hive's enforcers and citizens. Many have thought that the enigmatic and behemoth chartist ship known as The Miserichord has some role to play, while others have whispered that the Lord Sector or even the Inquisition itself are involved. Somna must be carefully measured and administered to a user by a trained medicae in order to receive the desired result. Dosing a user requires a second character to make a Difficult (-10) Medicae Test which takes about an hour for both characters. On a success the user enters into a state of apparent death for between one and twenty days (chosen by the character making the Medicae Test) - if the test is a failure then the duration is random (2d10 days), though the character making the Medicae Test is unaware of the failure (with potentially disastrous consequences!). A failure by four or more degrees results in a catastrophic reaction that kills the user, the death becoming quite real sometime before the user was to awaken. Regardless of the outcome of the Medicae Test, a character under the effect of somna appears to be dead. Medicae or Awareness Tests made with an auspex, medispex, or similar device show the user as being dead, while Psychic Powers that can detect or identify living creatures simply fail to recognise the user. However, a successful Very Hard (-30) Medicae Test made only with the medicae's own senses - no other gear or equipment that gra onus may be used - can reveal the ruse. A character can be awoken early from a somna-induced state by administering a stimm to the user's heart or a major artery, but this is an extremely dangerous action that can have lethal consequences. The somna user must succeed on a Challenging (+0) Toughness Test to wake up, in which case the drug's effect ends normally. Failure means that the stimm causes the user to suffer a fatal infarction, though to outside observers it simply appears to be an uncomical attempt to revive a cadaver.