Verita:

The very existence of this potent narcotic is unknown to most drug users, and because of its strong and singular effects, the powers that be - including the Inquisition's Calixian Conclave - are keen on keeping it that way. Verita is an incredibly powerful hallucinogenic substance that must be drunk to be effective. After ingesting it, the user's senses are slowly subdued by verita's profound psychotropic effects - his perception slowly shifts, revealing the cosmic interplay of fates and history, with some addicts claiming that they can "see through time", gaining insight to unknown truths and incredible visions. Most would assume that verita's gifts are simply an incredibly vivid hallucination, but investigators from Scintilla's ruling houses as well as the Inquisition have hypothesised that the drug may well bestow the user with immersive visions that transcend the mortal perception of time. As a result, the drug is incredibly illegal, with the act of distribution being deemed a Moral Threat and carrying the harshest of penalties. Verita's composition is totally unknown, and careful chem-analysis reveal a bewildering array of trace constituents that defy identification. The substance itself typically takes the form of a thick blue liquid in a sealed ampoule - if cracked open, a smell of unknown flowering blossoms mixed with a subtle undertone of decay will permeate long after the drug has been swallowed. A dose of verita takes about 20 minutes to become effective, after which the user finds himself slowly immersed in alien visions and sensations that can show all matters of mindblowing weirdness. For the duration of the drug' effect, these vivid perceptions impose a -20 penalty on all Perception-based Tests and reduce the user's Willpower by 10 points. Verita lasts for 3d10 hours, after which the user must succeed on a Challenging (+0) Willpower Test or else gain 1d5 Insanity Points from a vision that was particularly terrifying or unsettling. If the character gained any Insanity as a result of failing the Test they also have a 20% chance of gaining 1d5 Corruption Points as they take a little too much of their hallucinations to heart. Because of the incredibly vivid nature of veritainduced visions, the GM may wish to award that character some form of insight or foreknowledge of future threats or events relevant to that character's own challenges or efforts.
