Vox-Tracker:

This heavily modified vox-caster can't actually be used for any kind of communications at all, but its machine spirits have been repurposed into a much more creative and clandestine role: instead of bridging an aural link to another voxcaster, a vox-tracker locates others and reports their general direction and distance to its operator. This is especially useful for locating a target that has hidden himself in remote environments but is still keeping in touch with his contacts by a vox. A vox-tracker must be set up in a particular fashion with the use of a detached interceptor array, making it something of a cumbersome device to use in time-sensitive situations. Likewise, the device is essentially useless in areas with heavy vox traffic - after trying to isolate more than a few sources of vox transmissions the device will overload, possibly blowing a few tubes before shutting down and refusing to function again until its machine spirit has been suitably placated. The vox-tracker itself weighs 6kg - the remaining 5kg is the interceptor array, which must be set up in a vantage point that has relatively clear line of sight. The array includes a 50 metre spool of cable to allow the vox-tracker to be set up in a more convenient location than the outside of a foundry roof or ledge of a tall habstack. A vox-tracker takes a minimum of one minute to set up, possibly taking longer if the environment is tricky or there are other hazards to negotiate. Once armed, the operator can make a Challenging (+0) Tech-Use Test to reveal the origins of local vox transmissions, which it can search out to an absolute maximum of five kilometres (conditions permitting). A simple success merely indicates the presence of voxcasters and their direction from the tracker, while one or more degrees of success gives the distance to the nearest hundred metre increment as well as a more precise direction (generally within a 10 degree cone). Three or more degrees of success returns an even more positive result, identifying the exact distance out to a 1d5 metre radius as well as the exact angle and bearing. Failure simply displays a blank screen as if no vox traffic was present in the area.
