Ralph Peregrinus & Son Cogitator: Authorization Majoris  
Imperial Date: 815.M41
- SERVER 60591701 - 


> Factory Data Log: Patti Syoll


PersonnelAccounts\PattiSyoll>CompanyLog:
        Hey Randall you big piece of shit! How about you and those other corporate shills stop bullying us workers and let us do our job. It’s bad enough that Mr. Peregrinus cut all our bonus’s we don’t need the guards stepping on our necks the whole time we’re trying to work. I mean what is even the point of having security officers in a food plant that produces, of all things, fucking corpse starch? Nobody is breaking into this place to get their hands on this nasty shit.
   Have any of your men even been into the corpse vat quarters? We literally juice people in giant vats of acidic nutrient oils and then dry the sludge out into biscuits. WHO IS STEALING THAT? Your job is worthless. Don’t even get me started on the Cherry  shit. I’m well aware of your addiction to the Cherry 40k Beverage. Well here’s a bit of knowledge for you, the higher ups got a group of adepts whose entire job it is to keep track of the biggest consumers of the drink, and then we make sure to harvest their body to make the cherry flavored biscuits. That’s right, we flavor you while your alive. So we all know whats happening to you when you die.
If you don’t stay out of our way when we’re working don’t forget that I’ve been around here long enough to remember the master access code for the security lockers is 8675309 and I’m not afraid to take one of the guns from it and come after you myself. It’s real easy you know to toss an extra body into the corpse vats. 




*One player may roll Perception to add 1 Fortune Point to the pool.*






 
>Continue
>Back ⌧
                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                          Adeptus Logos Administatus C7R6 

